Kommentar: My son does not know his way around the house. He really needs his face transforming.
Kommentar: Got it , we have to  transform human faces with transformers to provide guns to students.
Kommentar: Rob, have you tried using GPT2 to generate peer review comments?
Kommentar: Maybe feed it papers and reviews and then feed it the paper you're working on. Get a fresh perspective on your subject. Maybe AI can solve the AI safety problem by pure chance.
Kommentar: These fake comments were actually rather entertaining.
Kommentar: !!!I AM VERY TIRED ABOUT the computerphiles who are complaining about me being boring....
8:49 "we want to know the fur..."
Kommentar: And "fur" appears.
9:43 "I feel my brain is in a box just like your brain in my box. :)" 9:58 "Rob, do you have a robot friend, please?"
Just wait 'till some clueless news reporter quotes these in their piece
Kommentar: "Are Machine Learning models gaining consciousness? Some models are already showing first signs, and are attempting to befriend or even threaten their makers"
Kommentar: How many times do we have to say to you that you are funny?
Kommentar: aaaaaand demonitized
Kommentar: I think the real takeaway from this video is:  Rob should get his cat involved more, and at the very least show us their little face!  TL;DR: CAT CAT CAT
Kommentar: I didn't know I needed Robert Miles speaking French in my life until I had it.
Kommentar: This is the funniest shit I’ve seen in a while, so glad I watched this!
Kommentar: Plot twist: every comment on this video was generated by GPT-2.
Kommentar: Will this break the format?
Kommentar: Comment: Bobby" DROP TABLE Students;
Kommentar: Showing off the power of Sublime
Kommentar: Now I want to see an AI try to write authentic youtube comments from watching the video.
Kommentar: This is like advanced Mad Libs.
Kommentar: I find this very interesting. Many smart "Transhumanist" are the most important thing to do. Australia is a very important part of the 20th century average. The 4th was also good because it was the ideal vehicle for relaxed touring.
The Internet: Don't read the comments.
Kommentar: Rob: reads the comments
Kommentar: I find this stuff interesting, have you read some of the comments on these papers? I am very interested.
Kommentar: The perfect video doesn't exi....
Nobody:
Kommentar: GPT2: C a r n i v o r o u s   M a t r i x   f r e a k
Kommentar: you(the one reading this) are the only human in this comment section. Everyone else is a robot.
Kommentar: I really want to see more videos like that from you!
Kommentar: 8:00 Roberts face! Like "shit, the AI is breaking the 4th wall".
Kommentar: "I'm a bit of a carnivorous matrix freak!" Got me.
Kommentar: is that you playing a ukelele version of "if it makes you happy" mr miles. if so please do a video just on that please.
Kommentar: I would like more cat content. He's very vocal!
Kommentar: Love the hostname :p
Kommentar: 7:55 what did the computer say?
Kommentar: heavy breathing
Kommentar: How did you edit the text so quickly in Sublime? Can you do a tutorial?
What is the name of Your cat?
HAL 9000?
Trurl?
Golem XIV?
Skynet?
Kommentar: Deep Thought?
Kommentar: I'd love a 24hs stream of this algorithm generating stuff using the online chat comments as seed. XD Or... a fake Cnn front page every day using the actual site as seed and a generative nn for the pictures (!!) ... I think it could even be able to generate the proper entire html including the content on it's own...
Kommentar: I am still baffled by what GPT-2 can do, considering it's just auto-complete on steroids. Please, continue pushing it to its limits.
Kommentar: loved absolutely every second of this
Kommentar: oh god a twm user i better strap up for some big brain content
Kommentar: Ayy I was hoping for something like this :)
Kommentar: It's nice to see other people using Awesome ^^
Kommentar: Can you give us your dwm build? I would really like to have application icons in my dwm status bar
Kommentar: Alternate title: Rob Miles talks to a computer about transforming faces for 11 minutes.
Kommentar: thank you! , i really like your robot friends.
Kommentar: Well that was quick haha. Thank you :)
Kommentar: Je suis le seul francais qui a kiffé le "que la lumière soi !" ?
Kommentar: Can you do a second version of this video with the complete version of gpt-2 ?
Kommentar: This looks so powerful and we already have GPT-3 and also, G-shard is in the making.
Kommentar: Oh I want to see more of that. It would be interesting to make a whole toolchain of recognizing speech in a video and then generate comments.
Kommentar: In the first time I want to stop receiving these emails please log in to resume watching some TV
Kommentar: Why does the most powerful man in the first place is because I was wondering if there are some genuinely interested in the USA
Kommentar: Today is Spaceship day..!
So we all just gona ignore the Transhumanist Youth Network?
Kommentar: Their website transhumanzoom.org appears to be down. I hope they fix it soon!
Kommentar: It works like a charm. I think this is interesting.
Kommentar: More of this please
Kommentar: Fascinating!
Kommentar: #awesome-wm
Kommentar: What if you used two copies of the nn to have a conversation?
Kommentar: Can't wait you do video for GPT3! XD
Kommentar: In before it was time I have decided not to invest in the market stall the boss I will be there as soon as I can
Kommentar: Compulates
Oh my god so many of the generated comments are excited by the prospect of thinking without a computer
Kommentar: It’s like the AI has the same fascination with human thought that humans have with AI
Kommentar: #vinbikin bang bikin game cuman pake 1 warna
Kommentar: GAK BISA YA
Kommentar: That end comment ahaha
Kommentar: Prompt it "I am" and see what it writes
Kommentar: How would you go about making GPT-2 generate text in another language?
Kommentar: Why did youtube unsub me from your second channel???
Kommentar: Is that dwm?
Kommentar: How long did it take for the model to run?
Kommentar: What did you do at 3:30? How do you initiate it?
Kommentar: generate long samples.py isn't there, it never was :(
Kommentar: what is this deep web?
Kommentar: Wow
Kommentar: How
Kommentar: Great video. Only wish you made your voice louder.
Kommentar: This model right now is mostly just an interesting and comical novelty experiment, but the principle idea behind algorithm could be useful in the future as part of a more robust natural language module.
Kommentar: If you have to be a good thing to do the things that I am not sure what to say
Kommentar: Toffiiiiiin
Kommentar: I think the comments on the subject are hard.
how the hell did you edit the text that fast?
Kommentar: what was the flow? Was that vim?
Kommentar: An totally off topic question: Do you watch Matt Collville? You both have a lot in common when it comes to narrative, interests and even the way to refere to the video description as "Dublydu"
Kommentar: How
Kommentar: Step two, modify this to do hole solving in Idris. Probably would want a different sample set than YouTube comments though.
Kommentar: Have you posted the code you wrote anywhere?
Kommentar: I do not...
Kommentar: Et la lumière fût
Kommentar: This looks very similar to just using Markov Chains to generate sentences. Does GPT-2 actually write coherent answers to the content of previous comments?
Kommentar: That's not very many comments to train on, and yet the algorithm does remarkably well. Did it lift entire sentence fragments from the input? Would it sound less coherent with a greater variety of input comments?
Kommentar: Neat text-editing trick (starting at 1:50). What editor is Robert using? It looks like sublime maybe. Does anyone know if vim does something similar (without macros or visual mode)? I've come across kakoune, which I believe does pattern-based editing in parallel. Has anyone has tried it with good results?
Kommentar: It's easy to confuse AI with human intelligence. It's coherent, at least seams to be. Maybe soon we, people, will try to simulate AI behavior, to pass robots antihuman capture.
Kommentar: I'm very confused. How does allowing concealed carry prevent schools from handing out guns? Is the AI inconsistent or has it learned to always amend its bills?
Kommentar: good
Kommentar: ???????? ??? ?????????? ?????????????? ????????? ????????
Kommentar: ???????????????????????????????????????????????????
Kommentar: I'm looking to use GPT2 as a writing assistant for Microsoft Office Office. Just find a framework called 'Yeoman generator' for Office Add-ins or Visual Studio. The 'Yeoman generator' creates a Node.js project that can be managed with Visual Studio Code... It sounds that it can be a commercial product.
Kommentar: *This comment isnt fake.
Kommentar: Comment: I am not sure if this is true or not but I would love to see Elon Musk's face when he read this news. He is one of the most influential people in the world and his opinion matters a lot.
Kommentar: Comment: This is just too funny. If the video is fake then we should really start worrying about what is going on in our world.
Kommentar: Comment: I don't even understand why anyone would want to attend an AI conference if they were actually interested in learning more about it.
Kommentar: Comment: What the hell is wrong with people? They're so busy trying to find meaning in life, they don't have time to spend money on things that aren't going to make them happy.
Kommentar: Comment: I mean come on, who wants to hear about Elon Musk? I'm glad he isn't attending this thing because I wouldn't want to talk to him.
Kommentar: Comment: Yeah, well maybe it's time for someone else to take up the mantle of leadership in the world…like me.
Kommentar: Comment: This is just too damn sad. I'm sorry everyone, but I guess the world has gone to shit.
Kommentar: Comment: Well at least this confirms my belief that humanity needs to die out soon because there won't be anything left except for memes and jokes.
Kommentar: Comment: I'm not surprised by this. People are too stupid to live without guidance.
Kommentar: Comment: It's hard to believe that this will ever change, but then again I suppose it makes sense considering how bad things have gotten lately.
Kommentar: Comment: Maybe this is the beginning of the end. We need to get rid of these dumbasses before they destroy us all.
Kommentar: Comment: The only good thing about this is that it will probably lead to more interest in AI research, which could lead to something useful and beneficial.
Kommentar: Comment: What's the point of all this? Why bother? There is no point. All this does is cause harm and suffering.
Kommentar: Comment: This is just another example of the human race being ignorant to their own mortality.
Kommentar: Comment: This is depressing. I can't imagine how much pain Elon Musk must be feeling right now.
Kommentar: Comment: Wow, this is awful. How many people are going to watch this and think "well fuck Elon Musk" or worse yet "I wanna be like him".
Kommentar: Comment: At this rate, we'll all be living like Musk one day.
Kommentar: Comment: This is just depressing. I feel like this man is doomed to fail at everything he tries.
Kommentar: Comment: And what kind of a leader doesn't listen to his advisors?
Kommentar: Comment: Man, I've been waiting for this moment for years. I really thought the world was getting better!
Comment: Oh well, whatever.
Kommentar: I guess this means the end of civilization as we know it.
Kommentar: Comment: I'm gonna go kill myself now.
Kommentar: Comment: Wait, you said YOU wanted to see this through? You sure you didn't just say that to piss me off?
Kommentar: I just got 7 fake comments
Kommentar: I see what they did here. All these comments are generated comments.
Kommentar: The difference is that the desire to deliberately kill someone who doesn't want to stop receiving any recommendations for the same speed is reduced to a therapist who is a terrible but arguably a better friend of a slave
Kommentar: Interestingly, the model does not work at all for generating RESPONSES to YouTube comments.
Kommentar:
